TCP IP is one aspect of the Internet and
the Internet Engineering Task Force, IETF,
is responsible for
developing the complete bits and
pieces of the internet
that it all fits together.
This group is slightly different from
the other standards bodies in the sense
it is completely volunteer based and
the RFCs, request for comments,
is essentially how IETF
double ups these protocols.
Anybody can write an RFC in simple,
plain text, and
you can sign up on the IETF site to
get the RFCs that are in progress,
or even the ones that are completed,
the ones that you're interested in.
You can download them, you can alter them,
you can comment on them.
And people implement them and once they're
sure that it's working reasonably well,
it's not detrimental to other parts of the
network, then it gets an RFC status and
eventually after many, many,
many years It actually becomes a standard.
So, the things that I
was describing before,
the TCP IP, all of these protocols,
it's not very hard to get one of those
RFCs and they are very good, easy read.
If you're interested,
I highly recommend you.
Especially if you're going
to be in the bleeding age
of developing Internet of things.
Not just using the tools
that are available.
You would be looking at this very,
very closely.